hi welcome to Lin's recipes today I'm
going to make a soup called ribollita
this is a soup that my daughter
especially likes and she gave me the
recipe so I want to thank Jennifer for
that to make this recipe these are the
ingredients that you're going to need
you need olive oil you'll need chopped
onion chopped carrots chopped garlic
salt and pepper Italian seasoning and a
bay leaf and some pancetta that you have
cubed if you can't find pancetta you can
use bacon no also need a can of diced
tomatoes some cannellini beans that you
have drained and rinsed spinach that's
been that well it's chopped spinach that
I bought in the freezer section and I
defrosted it and then squeezed all of
the liquid out of it you'll need tomato
paste you'll need chicken stock or broth
and you can make your own or you can buy
it at the store and if you have
available a parmesan cheese rind that
you have used all the cheese off of and
you just have the rind left you can
throw that in for flavor now I usually
when I use it my Parmesan cheese and
want to save the rhein I just throw it
in a ziploc bag and put it in the
freezer and then when I'm making soups
that call for it I will just pull it out
and put it in the soup now when we get
ready to serve this soup you're going to
need some ciabatta rolls or bread my
store didn't have the rolls so I just
got a loaf of the ciabatta bread and I'm
going to cut it into 6 pieces you'll
need some garlic and you'll need some
Parmesan cheese to get the amounts of
the ingredients that you'll need to make
this recipe I'm going to list them in
the information box below the video now
what we're going to do is go to the
stove and start putting the soup
together ok so I'm gonna put my olive
oil in the soup pot and let it heat up
just for a minute
I'm going to put my onions carrots and
garlic in and also my pin shuts up now
I'm just going to stir this around and
then we're going to let this just cook
for a little while while the vegetables
get tender my vegetables have sauteed
and they're tender so now what I'm going
to add is my tomato paste
I'm going to turn this around and if
there's any little bits on the bottom of
the pan I'm going to scrape them up with
my spoon
okay now we're gonna add the rest of our
ingredients add the tomatoes throw those
up here the beans spinach salt and
pepper
the Italian seasoning and the bay leaf
and you're gonna want to take this bay
leaf out when the soups done before you
serve it because you can't eat that
yeah our chicken stock or broth
whichever you're using and I'm gonna
stir this all together
and then I'll add my parmesan rind okay
so everything's stirred together nicely
now I'm gonna put in my parmesan rind
I'll just give it lots of good flavor
we're gonna let this come to a boil and
then we're going to boil it or let it
simmer I mean for 30 minutes and then
it'll be ready to serve my soup is
boiling so what I'm gonna do right now
is I'm going to turn it down to a simmer
cover it it's gonna leave a little
opening so some of the steam can come
out and we're gonna let it cook for 30
minutes my soup is done and this is what
it looks like and so now I'm going to
show you how I serve it what I've done
is I've cut a little piece of my Shabbat
olive and I toasted it in my toaster
oven and I'm going to take a piece of
garlic that I've sliced in half and I'm
gonna rub it on the bread to give it
some good flavor
then I'm going to take this piece of
bread and I'm gonna put it in the bottom
of my soup bowl and now I'm just simply
going to ladle my soup over my bread
and now what I'm going to do is I'm
going to take my Parmesan cheese and I'm
going to grate it over the soup so here
is my ribollita soup I hope you enjoy it